free MMO station
[Music]
once again we decided to pick our
favorite free-to-play online shooters
and give you our opinion on what's hot
and what's not you know how this goes if
you count down of the best ten shooters
third person and first person based
solely on our personal taste so let's
begin with our top ten free-to-play PC
online shooters number ten or thunder or
will the warplanes now that is a battle
that is still in the beginning well we
keep hesitating between the two right
now we're finding that war thunder just
hits the spot
it offers a perfect balance between
simulation and arcade while still
providing enough shooting thrills for
all fans of exciting aerial combat this
is a great game as is but the developer
plans on adding tanks and ships to the
same unique game world where thunder is
going to be huge we have no doubts about
that number 9 Hawken is a jaw-dropping
dirty mech shooter which offers the
amazingly convincing sensation of
controlling a hulking war machine
gameplay is simple to grasp while
providing enough strategy to make sure
combat isn't a shallow affair
verticality plays an important role in
this game you know quickly learn that
you can't just run a gun like another
first-person shooter games with its
stunning visuals and satisfying arcade
combat of--can is a winner number 8
Tribes Ascend was an amazing surprise a
great shooter that was faithful to the
legacy and incredibly fun to play
there was nothing like shooting your
enemies at breakneck speeds whoever the
game seems to be losing his support as
well as players since high-rez is
admittedly focusing on a mobile game
called smite and Global Agenda 2 the
sleeves Tribes Ascend without any major
updates for quite a few months something
that may end up killing the game or
what's left of it it's sad to see a game
of this quality wither away but that's
free to play for you
number seven Crytek seems to believe
Warface will be one of the best
free-to-play shooters ever and we're
bound to agree there's certainly a
potential for that the studio is still
using the lessons learned from the
Chinese and Russian versions to make the
Western version a definite one for now
Warface is fast paced kind of Arkady
more counter-strike than Call of Duty
and a fun game with triple-a visuals but
we're yet to see how it fares in terms
of content and how the microtransactions
will turn out number six
warframe is a very fun game and one of
the most stylish shooters out there the
space ninja thing actually became quite
popular and turned out to be the major
selling point of the shooter Digital
Extremes created a cool-looking
fast-paced game that currently features
over a dozen warframes
with different powers and impressive
acrobatic moves it's fun but too clearly
with three friends and while it gets a
bit repetitive especially enjoyable as
long as your sessions don't last longer
than an hour or two number five Ghost
Recon online is a different kind of
shooter the kind that doesn't seem to
have many direct competitors and it's
definitely worth a shot if you like some
in-depth headshots
this is a tactical shooter the game
relying on teamwork and provide you with
a lot of fun as well as you're willing
to take on the steep learning curve
number four
Firefall seems like it's been in
development for ages it was announced in
2010 and isn't making a break it's a no
for red 5 studios this is a free-to-play
cel-shaded shooter where you can choose
from third person or first person view
it has all the elements to WoW players
from the exciting and fast-paced
team-based game play to the MMO elements
the vast open world is a beautiful
playground and the use of jetpacks as an
important layer to the gameplay of it a
decision to remove and redesign all PvP
during in an uncertain period is a sign
that the game still needs a lot of work
to become truly special
number three blacklight retribution is a
kind of hit that no one was expecting it
stands up proudly among most FPS games
even retail was offering great graphics
a couple of really clever touches and
in-depth weapon customization to keep
you fiddling for quite some time
there's also the hyper reality visor
that allows you to look through walls
but it's implemented in a way that
doesn't break the balance of matches
blacklight retribution is clearly
standing the test of time number two
it's impressive out Team Fortress 2 is
still going strong after six years but
it's the testament to valves quality and
ability to maintain player interest no
it's not just the hats
it's the amazing cartoon visuals into
the distinctive characters but most of
all the fun a perfectly balanced
gameplay if valve keeps up the fantastic
rate of updates and this game will be
one of the best shooters for many years
to come
without hats and number one planetside 2
is a colossus a shooter that is growing
so big that the cracks are becoming more
and more apparent it's an incredibly
difficult task to balance every class
vehicle and weapon in-game where pretty
much you do your own thing and just
create complete chaos in the new
battlefields or continents as they're
called the game represents the true
meaning of nmo FPS with impressive
large-scale battles and a highly
addictive gameplay it's not exactly easy
to learn and it's far from flawless as
far as optimization goes but if you're
the point patient type and have a
powerful computer once you begin to
master the mechanics you have a solid
fun massive shooter that could easily
suck you in for months
so there you go ten great games for you
to try if you haven't done so already
you know what to do now if your opinion
in the comments and mention other games
we left out tell us why they should be
included and what makes them special
don't just go hey how's your friend goes
to be in a yeah house and until the next
one Firefall seems like it's been in
development for ages it was announced in
2010 and it's been a making a blanket
saddle for red 5 studios this is a
free-to-play cel-shaded suti the shell
shaded shooter and/or studio and or
anything else that isn't the correct
word that's in this profit so there you
go ten great games for you to try if you
haven't done so already you know what to
do now leave your opinion in the air
boyfriend blah blah blah and fuck this
stupid shit
[Music]